stealing credit / plagia‘rism
把别人的功劳 或者 成就 归为自己所有，
而不公正地 获得赞誉或荣誉。

这种行为通常被认为是 不道德的 和 不公平的，
因为它剥夺了 原本应该属于他人的认可和奖励。

Manny: the universe is cold and loveless.

Cam: Uh-oh. Bad Valentine's Day?

Manny: I went for the gold - Fiona Gunderson.
I poured my heart and soul（倾注所有） into a poem, left it on her desk.
I even burned the edges to make it look fancy.

Cam: And she didn't like it?

Manny: Oh, she loved it. But this kid Durkas told her he wrote it.

Mitchell: Well, Manny, why-why didn't you just tell her the truth?

Manny: She was already gone.
And she's on a date with him at my favorite restaurant, Great Shakes.

Cam: How do you know all this?

Manny: I invited her in the poem.
Right after the line of, My love is deeper than the Great Lakes.

Cam: Okay, well, this is unacceptable.

Mitchell: Oh, boy. Here we go.

Cam: No, it's not that big of a deal.
This is what we're gonna do.
We're gonna shoot over to Great Shakes, get a table.
Manny can reclaim the love of his life.
You and I can get a couple Mudslides.

Manny: I don't know. Durkas is gonna be there.
I've seen the kid do a pull-up.

Cam: Hey, Manny, it's the Valentine's Day.
It's not the day you run away from love.
it's the day you trace it down, tie it up and take it home.

Now if we can pull this off（成功做某事）, you and your little lady friend
will be belly up to（??） an ice cream counter
having a milk shake with two straws(一杯奶昔两个吸管 - 恋爱的典型场景).
what do you say?

Manny: I like it.

Fiona:
So, why would Ted say he wrote the poem if he didn't?

Manny: Maybe because you're the cutest girl in school,
and you have a laugh that makes science lab seem like recess（课间休息）.

Cam: Would you be more or less inclined（某种程度上倾向于） to
visit a Great Shakes establishment（机构，公司的一线门店）...
if you knew your satisfaction was guaranteed?

Durkas: that's a dumb questions.

Cam: Excuse me. it is not a dumb question, Mr..
Tarnation（美国南部地区农村的一个口语，类似于damn 用于表达强烈情绪）! He hung up.

then you can drop the accent.

Durkas: Delgado. what are you doing here?

Manny: Discussing poetry.
Maybe you'll like to recite some of yours.

Durkas: I'm not gonna recite anything.

Manny: Just admit you didn't write the poem.

Durkas: I don't know what are you talking about.
Get out of here before you get your butt kicked（逼我揍你一顿）.

Cam: I'm going over there.
- No, I got this.

Mitchell: Whoa! Whoa, sir! Sir? Turn around.
Sir, you have no right to claim ownership of（声明对某物的所有权） another person's work.

Durkas: who are you??

Mitchell: I'm a lawyer.

Durkas: you have a lawyer?

Mitchell: It is one thing to lie,
but then to bully（霸凌） this young man - it's unforgivable.
and this is what's wrong with the world today.
the big guys... thinks that he can roll right over（??） the little guy...
until the little guys says, "Enough."
ang that's the little guy's doing..
right here, right now.

Manny: Can we stop calling me "Little guy"?
I'm in the 40th percentile（统计学术语，百分比）.

Mitchell: Ted Durkas clearly did not write that poem.
I know it. He knows it.
Deep down in your heart, Fiona-
You know it too.
Shame!

Durkas: Fine! Whatever. I stole his stupid poem.

Fiona: You did?
- I told you.

Mitchell: There you go.

Durkas: I only did this because I had the feelings,
I just didn't know how to show them.

Fiona: Really? That's the sweetest thing anyone's ever done for me.

Manny: You've gotta be kidding me.

Manny: Let's get out of here. This chick's crazy.
- seriously.

Cam: I've never see you like that.

Mitchell: You have no idea how good that felt.

Cam: Well, happy Valentine's Day, counselor.