It's called Mother Knows Best, and we're kicking things off with（以...开始） Maye Musk.
And you might recognize（认出） that last name.
It's a famous one, yes.
She's Elon Musk's mother, but she's also a star in her own right（凭她自己的能力）.
【bʌ’ ᵗʃi zɑl soʊ ʷə sdɑər rɪ nər roʊn raɪ’.】

She recently walked the runway（T台） for Dolce & Gabbana in Italy,
and she's a social media sensation（社交媒体一夜成名） at 70.
NBC special anchor（主播） Maria Shriver sat down with（与...会面） the model and media master.


I don't want to brag about myself（吹嘘自己）.
It's embarrassing. And I've done just fine.

Obviously, bragging is working out just fine.
Maye Musk is talking about her growing Instagram account.
But the 70-year-old social media maven（专家） and cover girl（封面女郎） is much more comfortable bragging about her kids.

And then that opens for you, too.
She's showing me her Tesla, the electric car created by her son, Elon Musk,
the billionaire and tech mogul（显要人物）
famous for pushing the envelope（挑战极限）
with his ideas as well as his opinions.

Maye is her son's staunchest（坚定的） supporter.
Are you surprised that your son has become this global figure?
He was always brilliant, always said he was.
He's actually come out of his shyness.

Despite what her life may look like now, Maye Musk says it hasn't always been easy.

By the time she was 31, she was divorced and raising her three kids, Elon, Kimball and Tosca,
on her own（独自一人） in South Africa.
She supported the family by working as a model and dietician.

As long as I had health, good health, I could work day and night. And I did work day and night.

When her children decided they wanted to leave for her native Canada,
the family moved and Maye started all over again.

You're pounding the pavement（到处跑，奔波劳碌） and have these three kids. Is it a struggle（艰难）?
Well, financially, it's a struggle,
but I would go home and I had a happy family.
And that was more important.

Maye's son Kimball says their mom set the tone（设定基调） at home.
This element of joyful attitude（欢快的态度） towards making a difference.
Focus on what you're passionate about（富于激情的事情）.
Money will come. Success will come.

And that's exactly what happened for Kimball and Elon Musk
when they launched（创办） their first tech company, Zip2,
in Palo Alto in the mid-90s.

I would go every six weeks（每六周）.
I would cover their costs（支付费用）, for example, for furniture and printing.

After a particularly rough all-nighter（通宵达旦） at Kinko's,
making copies of their business plan（商业计划书） for potential backers（赞助人）, everything changed.

That morning they came back and we were all exhausted and we looked terrible.
And they said, they're going to finance（资助） us.
I said, we're going to the best restaurant in town.
I said, that's the last time you see my card.

So that really was the last time? Yes, yes, yes.

Ever（一直以来都是） the proud mother,
Maye Musk says she's also enjoying her time in the spotlight（聚光灯）.

Are you proud of yourself?
I'm happy with where I am now, yes.

Proud?
Yeah, I guess it's pride（荣誉）.
I still think I have a lot more to do.

Starting off（从...开始） as a single mom with three kids taking care of her,
look what she did.

I know. Now she's having her own moment（享受成果） too.
Really cool.



