• Be careful with “when they are not welcome in your home”,
because that sounds like they have already come over
and were received well upon arrival
—like your attitude would change halfway
through the football game you're watching together.


“Cheer for Manchester, will you?! Guess who should be putting his boots on right about now!”
• Furniture is an uncountable noun. Don't add an “s” at the end, even if your house has a sofa AND a chair.
Furniture是不可数的名词。所以不要在末尾添加s，即便房子中存在 沙发与椅子（多个物品）；


• “Make sure to let <someone> know” is a little over-worded and redundant here.
I would use that entire phrase to make a weak offer through a mediator in a situation such as this one:
I hosted a dinner party at my home,
to which my friend's girlfriend brought a bottle of Tomassi Amarone Valpoliccela (my favorite red wine).
We drank half of it.
I might tell my friend, “Make sure to let Emily know
I still have half a bottle-full of that wine she brought for us to share.”
By that, I mean that Emily might not pay much attention to the idea,
and I might just go and finish the wine myself before next weekend.

In the context we have here in the dialogue,
with the need to strongly impress an idea on one's own friend, these two shorter phrases are more appropriate:
◦ Make sure your friends know that <clause...>.
◦ Let your friends know that<clause...>.
• note
1.晶宝 Olivia: 90%
Make sure your friends know that when they are welco


It's good to be assertive, and doesn't mean you're being aggressive.
• Lots of folks here are writing sentences
that would fit into the context I'll describe on the next line.
My wife finished using her phone charger
and was about to put it back into her handbag
when you walked up and said,
“hey, I need to charge my phone, lady. What do you think you're doing with that cord?”
I might then say, in defense of my wife, and as a mild admonishment(警告) to you:
“buddy, it's great to be confident; but this situation
hardly calls for you to be a jerk when asking to borrow someone's personal belongings.”

Here's another way of putting the sentence as it fits into our dialogue:
When you have a clear idea in your mind of what people could do to help you,
and you request that help boldly（勇敢的）,
you're being assertive and don't need to worry too much about people thinking of you as an aggressive person.
------
这个句子听起来像是 他们已经过来这边，并且在刚到的时候被很好的接待了。
像是你的态度在你们一起看足球赛的时候发生了变化。

Furniture是不可数的名词。所以不要在末尾添加s，即便房子中存在 沙发与椅子（多个物品）；

Make sure to let xxx know的表达在这里有一点 重复或者说冗余了。
如果是我用这个表达的话，我会 在下面的场景中通过一个调解者的身份 来做出一个轻微的提议：
我在家里举行一场party，然后我的朋友的女朋友带来了我最喜欢的红酒（Tomassi Amarone Valpoliccela）。
party上，我们喝了其中的一半。
我可能会对我的朋友说， “Make sure to let Emily know I still have half a bottle-full of that wine she brought for us to share.”
这么说表达的意思是， Emily可能没有注意到这一点（还剩下半瓶红酒），而我可能会在下周之前自己把它喝干。

在这个对话的上下文中，我们需要向自己的朋友强势地表达自己的主意，
下面这两个更简短的表达方式会更合适：
◦ Make sure your friends know that <clause...>.
◦ Let your friends know that<clause...>.

---
果断些是不错，但是这不意味着你要保持强势。
很多小伙伴这里写出的句子，其实会更适用于下面的场景：
我媳妇刚刚用完她的手机充电器，并准备把充电器放回到自己的包包里。
这时候你走过来说到 “女士，我还得要给我的手机充电呢。你把充电线拿走干什么？”
我就可能会说（为了保护我媳妇），作为对你的警告：
“buddy, it's great to be confident; but this situation
hardly calls for you to be a jerk when asking to borrow someone's personal belongings.”
靓仔，自信点没啥。
但是现在的情况根本就不需要你表现得像个混球，你是在要借用别人的东西呢

还有一种其他的方式来表达这句话，会比较适合于我们的对话：
When you have a clear idea in your mind of what people could do to help you,
and you request that help boldly（勇敢的）,
you're being assertive and don't need to worry too much about people thinking of you as an aggressive person.