#Q:
You were born to a couple that were adventurers(冒险家)
and they hopped on a boat（跳上一条船） and sailed（航行） from Canada to South Africa.

And that adventuring（冒险） never stopped.
You grew up exploring the deserts of South Africa, looking for lost cities.

Tell us about that sense of adventure growing up
and what it infused（注射、注入） in you.

#A:
Well, we were kids and all our friends would go to the beaches.
We had to go to the Kalahari Desert.
My dad had said when we went into the Kalahari Desert,
he wanted to show we can rough（坚强地度过） it.

And then we had one cup of water, my twin sister and I shared it,
where we could wash our hands and face at night
and then in the morning it was frozen
so we'd have to break the ice and then wash our hands and face.
So you can live with very little（以非常少的资源来生存）.

#Q:
Do you think there was something about that adventuring that your parents had that
you later picked up（用来） and then infused into（注入、灌满） your children?

#A:
All my children have a survival skill that way.
You know, my children don't have fear.
Yeah, in the beginning when the rockets were exploding,
well, I would just want to curl up（蜷缩起来） and cry in a corner,
whereas Elon would come out and say（站上前来讲话了）, now we find out what went wrong
and we will do the next one right.

#Q:
And it reminds me of an interview I heard your son Elon give to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Elon said something about how he wanted to see
he could live on a dollar（靠着一美元） a day.
And he found that living in an American dormitory, he could live on a dollar a day.

He'd just go buy ramen noodles（拉面） and he could survive.
And he said that after he realized
he could literally survive and not die on a dollar a day,
it gave him the courage to do all of the other epic things（史诗级的事情） he did in his life.


#Q:
We have a leading question（引导性提问??） from Irina Shekhosov.
Hi, my question is, what is the most important trait(特质)
you want to instill(给人灌输) in a child?

#A:
I like them to be considerate(体贴的) of others.
They can just be kind to others.
Kindness, right? Kindness.

Your children aren't just building businesses.
Your children are building businesses that are actually, in a way, healing the world. Right?
#A: Yes. They're doing what I consider they're doing good things.
Like Elon wants to move the world beyond（超越） a carbon economy（碳经济）.
He wants to back up（备份） the human species by colonizing（征服） Mars.

Kimball is doing so much good work in terms of organic farming（有机农场） and farm to table（从农场到餐桌）.

#Q: How do you install(安装) kindness, kindness and care in a child?
#A: I was in a nurturing（养护） profession where I helped people to eat well,
but they saw that people would come and see me.
And then when they eat better, they're happier and they're healthier.

And you can see that you're caring about（关心） other people.
And then my parents were Canadians.
They cared about everybody too.
My dad was a chiropractor（按摩师）.
He kept people in better health.
My kids are the same.

They find a goal that will help mankind or help, like Tosca with her movies, her Passionflix app,
where she has romance movies
where the men and women get the same pay.
And the female directors,
and they’re romance stories with happy endings
so that the women here are not abused, tortured, you know, violated（虐待、折磨与侵犯）.

They are intelligent, successful and, you know, drama.
There's drama because it's a love story.


- Thank you for ensuring that
you raise children who are compassionate（有同情心的） and wanted to heal the world and not evil geniuses（邪恶的天才）.
Because imagine if Elon was an evil genius. We'd be freaking screwed（废掉了）.

- I would never allow that. No evil. Do no evil.

