It's remarkable, isn't it? 这很了不起不是吗
I mean every... 我每个
everything that i've been shown so far in the world of AI
到目前为止我在人工智能世界中看到的
the avatars that i've seen, which are on screen,
一切我在屏幕上看到的化身
they're instructed（指示、命令） by text. 他们是由文本指示的

The difference with this is that it's seeing 与此不同的是它看到了
its tasting, its feeling, its environment. 它的味道它的感觉它的环境

And that is what blows my mind（）. 这就是让我震惊的地方

===
I thought it was fascinating that the voice even has,
我认为这个声音很有趣因为它显然
because it's obviously a fake voice 是一个假声音可能是从
probably taken from real voice samples（） 真实的声音样本中提取的
and maybe even melded（混合） together. 甚至可能融合在一起
But, it had vocal fry. 它有声带病

So I often have vocal fry because i've got asthma（）
所以我经常有声带炎因为我有哮喘
and I have to cough a lot. 我不得不经常咳嗽
And so you'll hear it in my voice. 所以你会从我的声音中听出来
It's not a pure tone. 这不是纯音
It sounds a little bit hoarse（）. 听起来有点沙哑

They've even put vocal fry in to make it sound like a real human.
他们甚至把声带放进去让它听起来像一个真正的人
That's crazy. 太疯狂了

===
I was saying last week to Priya that 上周我对Priya说
one of the things somebody has said to me 与这些模特互动的人
who's interacted with one of these models is 对我说的一件事是
that they feel empathy（同理心）. 他们会产生共鸣

And that's why they feel empathy, 这就是为什么他们会感同身受因为
because actually the voice is colloquial（口语化的 / mannerism 像人的行为的）. 实际上他们的声音是口语化的
Right. 对的 As you say, it feels real. 就像你说的感觉很真实

There's a slight pause, there's a drag, isn't there? As it processes.
有一个轻微的停顿有一个阻力不是吗因为它的过程
But as that gets quicker, 但随着它变得
it's gonna be the sort of thing that some people
越来越快它将成为一些人更
would prefer to hang out with. 喜欢出去玩的东西

===
Yeah. And there's an ethical（伦理上的） question in the way that we've even designed this robot like 是啊在我们设计这个机器人的方式中有一个伦理问题
it's a choice to try to make it look and sound and feel human.
就像它是一个选择试图让它看起来听起来和感觉起来像人类

That doesn't have to be that way. 不一定非要这样
We could actually design robots to be really explicitly not human, other.
我们可以把机器人设计得非常明确而不是人类

So why they've taken someone's voice… 那他们为什么要拿走别人的声音
And even - I was listening - the accent and the grammar is
甚至我听口音和语法
very specific to the United States west coast.
都是美国西海岸特有的

So he says, can I have something to eat 所以他说我能吃点东西吗
and that somebody goes "on it" 机器人说“交给我”
Right? This is a very American way 对的这是一种非常美国化的
of speaking that wouldn't necessarily translate globally.
说话方式不一定会在全球范围内翻译

So I'm sure what you could do is say I 所以我相信你能做的
want it to speak with a French accent, 就是说我想用法国口音
or I want it to speak in mandarin 说话或者我想用普通话说话
and do exactly that thing to make 并做这件事让你感觉
you feel a connection to it. 到与它的联系

All of that is actually really manipulative（可操控性的） as well.
所有这些实际上也都是操纵性的