Brett Adcock CEO & Founder

Our mission really here is to expand human capabilities.
If we have humanoids in the market able to do any physical labor, think about what that does for the world.
Labor is a choice. Before you have to do more things you love every day.
We think that's really an exciting and inspiring future.
我们的使命实际上是扩展人类的能力。如果我们在市场上有能够进行任何体力劳动的人形机器人，想想这对世界意味着什么。
劳动是一种选择。你每天都必须做更多你喜欢的事情。
我们认为这真的是一个激动人心、鼓舞人心的未来。

I actually grew up on a third generation farm, corn and soybeans, in the Midwest, in Central Illinois.
I would say for a long time that I really wanted to build things and make something in this world that doesn't exist.

In high school, it became really apparent that there was three areas I really wanted to work in.
AI systems, robotics, and internet.
And so I've been spending the last 20 years building companies, trying to
help improve humanity and make an exciting future.

I mean, we're basically at this robotics and AI revolution.
Nobody's been working on this hardest problem in robotics, which is how do we do physical labor?
What is needed for that is something very mobile, dexterous（）, and be able to build basically an AI data engine
so that the robot can learn how to do basically more things every single day.

我实际上是在中部伊利诺伊州的中部长大的，是一个三代农场，种着玉米和大豆。我曾经说过很长一段时间，我真的想要建造东西，在这个世界上创造一些不存在的东西。在高中时，很明显有三个领域我真的想要从事。人工智能系统、机器人和互联网。所以在过去的20年里，我一直致力于建立公司，试图帮助改善人类，并创造一个激动人心的未来。我的意思是，我们基本上正处在这个机器人和人工智能的革命中。没有人一直在解决这个机器人领域最困难的问题，那就是我们如何进行体力劳动？所需要的是非常灵活、灵巧的东西，并且能够构建基本的人工智能数据引擎，以便机器人可以学会每天基本上做更多的事情。

Here, we've kind of embraced that complexity, both on the mechanical and software side,
and built a very complex platform that can do basically anything physically a human can do.
I think the conventional wisdom here is when we walk into a customer, say like a big warehouse or a manufacturing or retail company, that we've basically been taking people's jobs.

And that couldn't be further from the truth（完全理解错了/反了）.

When we walk into these facilities, there's a giant labor crisis（劳动力危机） going on.
These companies are losing 50 to 150 percent of employees annually. They can't find anybody to do these jobs.
They just don't know a solution to help automate through these problems.
We feel, I figure, the demand for what we're doing is almost unbounded.
I would say we're trying to be one of the first in the world to deploy us at real scale commercially.

在这里，我们在机械和软件方面都接受了这种复杂性，并建立了一个非常复杂的平台，可以做基本上任何人能做的事情。我认为在这里的常识是，当我们走进一个客户，比如一个大型仓库或制造或零售公司时，我们基本上是在夺走人们的工作。但事实并非如此。当我们走进这些设施时，正发生着巨大的劳动危机。这些公司每年都在失去50%至150%的员工。他们找不到任何人来做这些工作。他们只是不知道如何解决这些问题，以帮助自动化。我们认为，我们正在做的事情的需求几乎是无限的。我想说，我们正在努力成为全球第一个实现商业化规模的公司之一。

Technology has the ability to touch like billions of people's lives at this point.
So my advice would be to kind of find those areas
that are kind of new and novel.
Spend a lot of time like really deep in（深挖） the rabbit hole
trying to figure out like what that looks like.
Get your hands dirty（下场亲自干活、勇于做没有被尝试过的事情，即便出错 - 摸着石头过河）.
More answers will come the more time you spend in those environments.
Make sure that you're really in it for the long haul（长期努力）.
Like this is really a 10 plus year journey. This is not a few years thing.
So make sure you see yourselves in 10 or 15 years in that industry doing this thing and being happy.
I think it's gonna be really important.
At least for myself, like I think this is probably a 20-year endeavor, 30-year endeavor my rest of my life.
I couldn't think of anything more exciting and more challenging to work on.
And that gets me really excited to wake up every day.
The next couple decades, you're gonna see humanoid robots basically going from kind of the science fiction view to like an actual real life.

科技现在有能力触及数十亿人的生活。所以我的建议是，要找到那些比较新颖的领域。
花很多时间深入研究这些领域，试图找出看起来是什么样子。
让自己的手脏一点。
在那些环境中度过的时间越多，你会得到越多的答案。确保你真的为长期而投入。
比如这确实是一个10年以上的旅程。这不是一件几年的事情。

所以确保你在10或15年后看到自己在那个行业从事这项工作并且感到幸福。
我认为这将非常重要。至少对我来说，我认为这可能是一个20年的努力，是我余生中的30年努力。我想不出还有什么比这更令人兴奋和具有挑战性的工作。这让我每天早上都感到非常兴奋。接下来的几十年，你会看到人形机器人基本上从科幻视野走向现实生活。

As we approach the next 10 or 20 years, every person in the world has a humanoid.
And that humanoid will do everything for you physically.
Grab you the coffee, go do an errand, whatever you need to do. It must be like having a phone.
Humanoids here have the potential to be the largest market on the planet.
Technology if not pushed up the hill doesn't happen.
So somebody's got to get out there and really push the envelope（挑战现状）.
And it takes a lot of effort from a great team.
And we've assembled here probably one of the world's best teams to go after this very hard challenge.
Looking back when I'm like 80, I want to look back and say, where did I spend that time?
What kind of impact I made? And has it been helpful? And I think at least today it feels like these are the right projects for me. And it's time to be working on to make that impact.

当我们迈向未来的10或20年时，世界上每个人都有一个人形机器人。那个机器人会为你做一切体力劳动。拿来咖啡，去跑个腿，你需要做的任何事情。这肯定就像有了一个手机一样。这里的人形机器人有可能成为地球上最大的市场。如果不推动科技向前发展，科技就不会发生。所以有人必须走出去，真正地推动创新。这需要一个伟大团队付出大量的努力。我们这里组建了世界上可能是最优秀的团队之一，去应对这个非常困难的挑战。回头看看当我80岁时，我想问自己，我花了那些时间在哪里？我产生了什么影响？这对别人有帮助吗？我至少今天感觉这些项目对我来说是正确的。现在是时候努力工作以产生影响了。