3. Play passes to the left.（向左传递）
The second player, and then each in turn,
adds one or more letters to those already played（向字母盘上已经存在的字母上，添加一个或者多个字母）
so as to（以便能） form new words.

All letters（字母片） played in any one turn(回合)
must be placed in one row across（横穿/行） or down（纵穿/列） the board.
They must form one complete word any if, at the same time,
they touch other letters in adjacent rows（相邻的行）,
they must form complete words, crossword fashion, with all such letters.

The player gets full credit（分数） for all words formed（形成） or modified by their play.

4.New word may be formed by:
    a. Adding one or more letters to a word or letters already on board（向已经存在的字母或单词上添加一个或者多个字母）.

    b. Placing a word at right angles to a word already on the board.
    The new word must use（必须使用） one of the letters of word already on the board（玩板上已经存在的单词中的一个字母）
    or must add a letter to it(或者向它添加了一个字母).(Turns 2, 3, and 4 at end.)

    c. Placing a complete word parallel to（与...平行） a word already played
    so that adjoining letters（相邻的字母） also form（也能够组成） complete words.(Turn 5 at end.)

5. No letter may be shifted（移动） after it has been played.

6. The two blank tiles（空片） may be used as any letter desired.
When playing a blank the player（玩家） must state what letter it represents（声明它所表示的字母）,
after which it cannot be changed during that game（之后一直保持不变）.

7. Any player may use their turn（机会/轮次） to
replace any or all of the letters in their rack(替换掉他的架子上的一些字母).

They do so by discarding them face down（面朝下丢弃掉字母）,
drawing the same number of new letters（抽取相同数量的新字母）,
then mixing the discarded letters with those remaining in the pool（把丢掉的字母 与剩余的字母 混合）.
The player then awaits their next turn to play（然后等待自己的机会继续玩）.

8.Any words found in a standard dictionary are permitted
except those capitalized（大写的）, those designated as foreign words（外来词）,
abbreviation（缩写） and words requiring apostrophes（撇号） or hyphens（连字符号）.

Consult(请教) a dictionary only to check spelling or usage.
Any word may be challenged（被挑战） before the next player starts their turn.

If the word challenged is unacceptable, the player
takes back their tiles（取回它们的字母片） and loses their turn（本次机会失败）.

9. Play continues until all tiles have been drawn（所有的字母片都被抽取） and
one of the players has used all of the letters in their rack（用过了架子上的所有字母）
or until all possible plays have been made.（所有可能的玩法都已经被用尽???）
