Set Words is a crossword game for 2, 3 or 4 players.
The player consists of forming interlocking words,
crossword fashion, on the Set Words playing board
using letter tiles with various score values.

Each player competes for high score by
using their letters in combinations and locations that
take best advantage of letter values and premium squares
on the board.

The combined total score for a game may range from about 500 points to 700 or more
depending on the skill of players.

Equipment:
Set Words equipment consists of one gamebooard,
100 word letter tiles, four wood tile racks, and one fabric tile pouch.

TO BEGIN:
Place all letter tiles in the pouch,
or turn all letters face down at the side of the board and shuffle.
Draw for the first play.
The player drawing the letter nearest the beginning of the alphabet play first.

A blank tile beats any letter.
Put the exposed letters back and re-shuffle.
Each player in order then draws seven new letters and
places them on their rack.

===
3. Play passes to the left.
The sceond player, and then each in turu,
adds one or more letters to those already played
so as to form new words.

All letters played in any one turn
must be placed in one row across or down the board.
They must form one complete word any if, at the same time,
they touch other letters in adjecent rows,
they must form complete words, crossword fashion,
with all such letters.

The player gets full credit for all words formed or modified by their play.

4.New word may be formed by:
a. Adding one or more letters to a word
or letters already on board.
b. Placing a word at right angles to a word already on the board.
The new word must use one of the letters of word already on the board
or must add a ltter to it.(Turns 2, 3, and 4 at end.)
c. Placing a complete word parallel to a word already played
so that adjoining letters also form complete words.(Turn 5 at end.)

5. No letter may be shifted after it has been played.
6. The two blank tiles may be used as any letter desired.
When palying a blank the player must state
what letter it represents, after which it cannot be changed
during that game.

7. Any player may use their turn to replace any or all of the
letters in their rack.
They do so by discarding them face down, drawing the same
number of new letters, then mixing the discarded letters
with those remaining in the pool.
The player then awaits their next turn to play.

8.Any words found in a standard dictionary are permitted
except those captalized, those designated as foreign words,
abbreviation and words requiring apostrophes or hypens.

Consule a dictionary only to check spelling or usage.
Any word may be chaallenged before the next player starts their turn.

If the word challenged is unacceptable, the player
takes back their tiles and loses their turn.

9. Play continues until all tiles have been drawn and
one of the players has used all of the letters in their rack
or until all possible plays have been made.

===
SCORING

10. keep a tally of each player's score, entering it after each turn.
The score value of each letter is indicated by a number at the bottom
of the tile.
The score value of a blank is zero.

11. The score for each turn is the sum of the score values of
all the letters in each word formed or modified in the play
plus the premium values resulting from placing letters on
premium squares.

12. Premium Ltter Squares: A light blue square doubles
the score of a letter placed on it;
a dark blue square triples the letter score.

13. Premium Word Squares: The scorefor the entire word is
doubled when one of its letter is placed on a pink square;
it is tripled when a letter is placed on a red square.
Include premiums for double or triple letter values, if any, before
doubling or tripling the word score.

If a word is formed that cover two premium word squares,
the score is doubled and then re-double(4 times letter count), or tripled and
then re-tripled (9 times letter count), as the case may be.

Note that the center star square is a pink square and therefore
doubles the score for the first word.

14. The above letter and word premiums apply only in the turn in which they
are first played.
In usbsequent turns letters count at face value.

15. When a blacmk tile falls on a pink or a red square,
the sum of the letters in the word is double or tripled
even though the blank itself has no score value.

