SCORING

10. keep a tally(计分) of each player's score, entering it after each turn（每轮结束后）.
The score value of each letter（字母的分数值） is indicated by a number at the bottom of the tile（字母片下方的数字）.
The score value of a blank is zero（空字母片的分数是0）.

11. The score for each turn is
the sum of the score values of all the letters in each word formed(组成的) or modified（改变的） in the play
plus the premium values resulting from（由...导致的） placing letters on premium squares（高级方格）.

12. Premium Letter Squares（高级字母方格）:
A light blue square doubles（使翻倍） the score of a letter placed on it;
a dark blue square triples（使三倍） the letter score（字母的分数）.

13. Premium Word Squares（高级单词方格）:
The score for the entire word is doubled when one of its letter is placed on a pink square（但单词的一个字母在粉色方格上）;
it is tripled when a letter is placed on a red square（红色方格）.

Include premiums for double or triple letter values（先计算字符的分数）, if any,
before doubling or tripling the word score（再计算单词的分数）.

If a word is formed that cover（覆盖了两个高级单词方格） two premium word squares,
the score is doubled and then re-double(4 times letter count),
or tripled and then re-tripled (9 times letter count), as the case may be.

Note that the center star square（中心星星方格） is a pink square and
therefore doubles the score（使分数翻倍） for the first word.

14. The above letter and word premiums apply（生效）
only in the turn in which they are first played（它们第一次被使用的轮次中）.
In subsequent turns（后继的轮次中） letters count at face value（字面分值）.

15. When a blank tile falls on a pink or a red square,
the sum of the letters（字母分值总和） in the word is double or tripled
even though the blank itself has no score value.

16. When two or more words are formed（形成） in the same play,
each is scored（每个单词都计分）.
The common letter is counted(with full premium value, if any)
in the score if each word.(See example, Turn 3 and 4 at end.)

17. Any player who plays all seven of their tiles in a single turn
scores a premium of 50 points（额外加50分）
in addition to（除了） their regular score for the play.

18. at the end of the game each player's score is reduced by（减去）
the sum of their unplayed letters（没用掉的字母）, and, if one player
has used all of their letters, their score is increased by
the sum of the unplayed letters of all the other players（其他玩家的没用掉的字母分值要加给他）.