Brave heart

Boeing’s CEO, David Calhoun, will step down at the end of 2024.

His four years in the top job were marked by
safety scandals, grounded planes, the pandemic and more grounded planes.
波音公司首席执行官戴维·卡尔霍恩 (David Calhoun) 将于 2024 年底辞职。
他担任首席执行官的四年充满了安全丑闻、飞机停飞、新冠疫情和更多飞机停飞。

===
Sherman Chen

It's all about the money, and when companies turn away
from their core competent（核心能力） into a money grab, they will failed and failed spectacularly（极致地）.
一切都是为了钱，当公司从核心竞争力转向抢钱时，他们就会失败，而且会惨败

===
Merica MEMES:

Boeing - The only aircraft that flies straight to heaven. New motto: if it’s Boeing…I ain’t going.
波音 - 唯一一款直飞天堂的飞机。新座右铭：如果是波音……我才不去呢。

连读音标：【ði ʲoʊn li ʲeər kræf’ ðə’ flaɪ sdreɪ’ tə he vɪn. nµ mɑ doʊ, ɪ fɪts boʊ ʷɪŋ, aɪ ʲeɪn’ goʊ ʷɪŋ.】

===
Manu menon

Shut down Boeing until the entire management is overhauled（改造） and investigated and penalized!!

These are planes that fly miles up in the air carrying lives!!
This is very reckless to
have so many safety failures one after the other
and have people lose trust in flying!!
关闭波音，直至整个管理层被整顿并接受调查和处罚！！ 这些飞机在数英里的高空飞行，运载着生命！！ 这太鲁莽了，接连出现这么多安全故障，让人们对飞行失去了信任！！

===
Just Dario

Personally speaking I think Boeing risks are being greatly underestimated so far,
let’s see how many more accidents are needed
before these doomed planes are grounded（被禁飞） for good（永远）

就我个人而言，我认为到目前为止#Boeing风险被大大低估了，让我们看看在这些注定失败的飞机永久停飞之前还需要发生多少次事故.

===
Phil NYC

If you're worried about the risks of flying on a Boeing 737, you're never going to want to drive a car again.
The chances of being killed in a car accident at some point in your life is 1 in 93 .
You have a 1 in 816,545,929 chance of dying in a plane crash.

如果您担心乘坐波音 737 的风险，您将永远不想再开车。
在您一生中的某个时刻，死于车祸的几率是 93 分之一。
您死于飞机失事的几率为 816,545,929 分之一。

===
SK Charoaborty:

John Barnett was the Boeing whistleblower.
His life was in danger and he knew it.
Someone arranged for his death and made it appear as a suicide.
Justice must be done to a honest and brave man.
He must not be just forgotten.

约翰·巴尼特是波音公司的举报人。他的生命处于危险之中，他知道这一点。
有人安排了他的死亡，并使其看起来像是自杀。
正义必须给予诚实勇敢的人。

===
Jane Adams

The establishment hates dissenters（持有异议者）, and those who dare speak truth to power
face grave consequences（后果）.
Boeing whistleblower John Barnett's chilling words foretold（预言） a grim（残酷的） reality.
The swamp runs deep, and justice is a rare commodity（商品）.
建制派憎恨异见者，那些敢于向权力说真话的人将面临严重后果。
波音举报人约翰·巴尼特的令人不寒而栗的言论预示着严峻的现实。
沼泽很深，正义是稀有商品。